Acidanthera August 2020 PR (#9)
dortania/dortania.github.io: _posts/2020-08-03-acidanthera-august.md

* Added constants for 11.0 support
* Property 'pci-aspm-default' with value 0 is not required for Broadcom BCM4350 chipset (with non-apple subsystem-vendor-id), 
since now it is injected/corrected and method IOPCIFamily::setASPMState called for provider to disable ASPM immediately.
* Add required dependencies into OSBundleLibraries section
* Remove injectors for AirPortBrcm4360 and AirPortBrcmNIC from main Info.plist and move them into separate plugins AirPortBrcm4360_Injector and 
AirPortBrcmNIC_Injector (kexts with plist only).
Under 10.16 (Big Sur) plugin AirPortBrcm4360_Injector.kext must be blocked by MaxKernel 19.9.9 or just removed, otherwise it will block loading of AirPortBrcmNIC
since class AirPortBrcm4360 is unsupported.
* Check whether brcmfx-driver value is incorrect (if specified value is unsupported in current osx system)
* Support boot-arg and property `brcmfx-aspm` to override value used for pci-aspm-default 

#### [DebugEnhancer 1.0.1](https://github.com/acidanthera/DebugEnhancer)

* Added constants for 11.0 support

#### [BrcmPatchRAM 2.5.4](https://github.com/acidanthera/BrcmPatchRAM)

* Added inject BCM2070 - BCM943224HMB, BCM943225HMB Combo

# Guide Updates

> Some of you may have noticed since our last update that the site has gone through a redesign and rewriting. The laptop guide has been merged and the post-install guide becoming a dedicated site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of you may have noticed since our last update that the site has gone through a redesign and rewrite. The laptop guide has been merged into the desktop guide to create a unified install guide and post-install has been separated to a dedicated site.
```

> We've also added a basic guide on macOS 11, big Sur installs however we won't be providing proper support till official release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've also added a basic guide on macOS 11 (Big Sur) installs however we won't be providing proper support til official release.
```
